TW-1054 Getting started section IA refactor (#4971)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/getting-started/first-steps/work-with-your-team.md

---
title: "Work with your team in Postman"
updated: 2023-07-26
contextual_links:
  - type: section
    name: "Additional resources"
  - type: subtitle
    name: "Videos"
  - type: link
    name: "Intro to Postman | Part 1: Send a Request"
    url: "https://youtu.be/2oOSnxZ28fA"
  - type: link
    name: "How to use an API? | Intro to APIs Part 2"
    url:  "https://youtu.be/woRuedXZyi4"
  - type: link
    name: "Postman Student Programs - Finding the right API for the job"
    url:  "https://youtu.be/d6abDKrGFYU"
  - type: subtitle
    name: "Blog posts"
  - type: link
    name: "What is an API endpoint?"
    url: "https://blog.postman.com/what-is-an-api-endpoint/"
  - type: link
    name: "First 5 Things to Try If You’re New to Postman"
    url: "https://blog.postman.com/postman-first-5-things-to-try/"
  - type: subtitle
    name: "Public workspaces"
  - type: link
    name: "30 days of Postman for developers"
    url:  "https://www.postman.com/postman/workspace/30-days-of-postman-for-developers/overview"
---

> Are you working with others? Postman provides a variety of tools to enable and enhance [collaboration within your team](https://www.postman.com/api-platform/api-collaboration/).

Reviewer: I'm not sure the first sentence/question is necessary, it reads a bit awkwardly to me

> When you sign up for Postman as an individual, you create your own [Postman account](/docs/getting-started/installation/postman-account/). To collaborate, you join a team. There are several ways you can join a team. You could be sent an email invite or given an invite link from someone else on a team. Or your organization may add you to a team using SSO, SCIM, or by automatically adding you based on your verified domain name.

Reviewer: (just for the second sentence, Mark's suggestion for the others)

```suggestion
When you sign up for Postman as an individual, you create your own [Postman account](/docs/getting-started/installation/postman-account/). To collaborate, you can [create](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/working-with-your-team/collaboration-overview/#creating-a-team) or join a team. There are several ways you can join a team. You could be sent an email invite or given an invite link from someone else on a team. Or your organization may add you to a team using SSO, SCIM, or by automatically adding you based on your verified domain name.
```

Teams have _team workspaces_, which are shared workspaces where your team can work together on APIs, collections, environments, integrations, mocks, monitors, and flows. Team workspaces can act as a single source of truth for your API projects and encourage collaboration within your team. You can collaborate in several ways:

* [Move elements into a team workspace](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/working-with-your-team/collaborating-in-team-workspaces/#moving-elements-to-team-workspaces) to share them with your team.

> * [Watch team workspaces](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/working-with-your-team/collaborating-in-team-workspaces/#moving-elements-to-team-workspaces) to be notified when teammates make changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Watch team workspaces](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/working-with-your-team/collaborating-in-team-workspaces/#watching-team-workspaces) to be notified when teammates make changes.
```

* [Add comments](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/working-with-your-team/discussing-your-work/) to discuss work with your team.
* [Share your work](https://learning.postman.com/docs/collaborating-in-postman/sharing/) with collaborators or external users.

> Each user on a team is assigned roles. These define your level of access to a Postman element, like a collection or an API. A Developer role gives you access to team resources. Elevated roles like Admin and Billing can do things like change settings or payment methods. To learn more about roles, visit [defining roles](/docs/collaborating-in-postman/roles-and-permissions/).

Reviewer: +1, would also slightly modify 

> Elevated roles like Admin and Billing can do things like change settings or payment methods. 

to 

> Elevated roles like Admin and Billing can do things like change team settings or payment methods.
